maybe function trick that's one way to
look horribly horribly bad no don't
worry about it if you really want to
fade you can do it after ok move done ok
ok ok this it feat but good look at the
muscles good shot ready xican may be
good babe I know it's tough but I'm not
ready either hi I'm Richard Bates and
I've greased a lot of assholes when you
want to get balls in clothes you reach
for a tube of Bates brand lubricant
you're courting me now oh I'm recording
it now yeah well it hit a one it's the
only thing I use when I'm whacking my
dick off like to introduce you to one of
our hard workers this is lance and
thanks to him production is up ten
percent ladies I get paid in santarém
this here is the lube Smasher five
thousand thanks to the power of well
sorry might not be good
science realize that we gotta change his
MO I was given this that works you need
on the other next time you want to turn
a little brown spider into a fiery red
tarantula you best be using my fox sauce
Bates banlieue ah Bates brand lubricant
we do you need to get balls deep close
breaking laws are is I come on guys the
doors freaking open it's dark in this
factory well my pant is the one that
does all the fucking in the dark all the
time anyways what the fuck turn on the
lights you know that was the light
switch cuz my friends adult fucking dark
anyways it funk hey what's in these vats
so are closing noise it appears to me
genital lubrication device of some sort
bumped shit I've fallen in someone give
me a hand oh that um oh let me help you
bumped in the sexual genital lubrication
stuff a might as well he was dry after
you know what this is the i win game
got a little entry me sick yeah yeah
fucking that's the kidney online so
upset so you know that this is the lunch
room at the fuck room fuck me in the
fuck room I just afraid you oh the fuck
room is for fucking in homeroom fucker
fuck far all
begun to fuck fucker room needs Oh hold
on not over for me the fuck room I was
gonna give you the sauce